Update nx-cugraph Docs URLs (#4761)
rapidsai/cugraph: docs/cugraph/source/nx_cugraph/index.rst

``nx-cugraph`` is a NetworkX backend that provides **GPU acceleration** to many popular NetworkX algorithms.

> By simply `installing and enabling nx-cugraph <https://github.com/rapidsai/nx-cugraph/blob/HEAD/README.md#installation>`_, users can see significant speedup on workflows where performance is hindered by the default NetworkX implementation.

Reviewer: I would reference the docs, which is what I did in #4756
```suggestion
By simply `installing and enabling nx-cugraph <https://docs.rapids.ai/api/cugraph/stable/nx_cugraph/installation/>`_, users can see significant speedup on workflows where performance is hindered by the default NetworkX implementation.
```
